Outside is gold
Inside is copper
Ruthless enough if the county magistrate helps
You can unlock the returned gold on the spot.
The villagers stole the gold
Under the pressure of words and deeds
Who among the ordinary villagers can withstand it?
You are actually talking about powerful property
Where did the real gold go?
Erwakezhi
I have committed a capital crime
Forgive me, sir
Where is my mother's butt?
Kong Ming, you don't know why they are the same
Take away
safety
The people who owe you are willing to pay their debts for them
Society forces me to make up for it
Are you our reborn parents?
You're welcome.
But I can't spend this money in vain
Is that so?
From Now On
You work for me
As long as you work for 10 years
I will pay you back the god of freedom
Of course, I won't treat you badly.
As long as you work harder
The sooner I will pay you back to the gods of freedom
If you have no objection
I signed this selling artifact
illiterate
You can also press your fingerprints.
Sister, sister, I have no money.
Of course, if I were the tea merchant
Will definitely prevent getting rich
Bring a few more guards when you go out
Wait for more and more money to be made
Business is getting bigger
In order to facilitate the transportation of tea, build a road and a bridge
Certainly.
The external declaration must be to facilitate the travel of the villagers
In this way, you can also harvest the beauty of a great good person
This plan is true
Even if it is me
Face this
It is inevitable to fall into a trap
Even thanks to this son
Even after the fact
Selling yourself starts with modesty
This child has guards
There is no way for the coach to take revenge
Well, Your Majesty, time is too tight.
There are still some loopholes this season
If Your Majesty gives the grass-roots a little more time
This season will be even more perfect
What's not perfect this season?
Your Majesty, this taboo is too poisonous
Dog solution official
Your Majesty, please punish the lamb severely
Your Majesty, punish the lamb severely
how
How come?
How could this lamb have such advanced skills?
Could it be
He has been
Always hiding the table
Please Your Majesty Salt City Lamb
Your Majesty is saying that there is neither good nor bad
It's all in one thought
Quanzi this taboo
Although slightly vicious
But please see your majesty
Ladies and gentlemen
I think this taboo is vicious
Then you ladies have a better sacrifice than this taboo
In my eyes
neither good nor bad
A strategy that achieves its purpose is a good strategy
Gao is the son of the wolf and the lamb, although this plan is vicious
But from the perspective of Chashan
reasonable
Even the best strategy
If everyone in the world is ashamed of their hearts
Where did so many corrupt officials come from?
Governing a great country is like cooking a fairy
The corrupt officials in the world are all evil-minded people
As for the wicked
It should be used badly
The son of a lamb in such a short time
Can come up with such a vicious
You can see his talent
I implore Your Majesty to the sin of the Lamb's deception